Merge rewrite branch, splitting into two books (#414)
rust-embedded/discovery: microbit/src/06-serial-communication/windows-tooling.md

their names are serial devices. This is the kind of device we'll be working with. Take note of all
the `COM` *ports* `mode` outputs *before* plugging the serial module.

Now, plug the micro:bit and run the `mode` command again. If you see a new
`COM` port appear on the list then you have that's the COM port assigned to the
serial functionality on the micro:bit.

Now launch `putty`. A GUI will pop out.

<p align="center">
<img title="PuTTY settings" src="../assets/putty-settings.png">
</p>

On the starter screen, which should have the "Session" category open, pick "Serial" as the
"Connection type". On the "Serial line" field enter the `COM` device you got on the previous step,
for example `COM3`.

Next, pick the "Connection/Serial" category from the menu on the left. On this new view, make sure
that the serial port is configured as follows:

- "Speed (baud)": 115200
- "Data bits": 8
- "Stop bits": 1
- "Parity": None
- "Flow control": None

Finally, click the Open button. A console will show up now:

<p align="center">
<img title="PuTTY console" src="../assets/putty-console.png">
</p>

> If you type on this console, the yellow LED on top of the micro:bit will blink. Each key stroke

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you type on this console, the yellow LED on top of the micro:bit will blink. Each keystroke
```
